[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: Moving right
along to code coverage.
So let's all go ahead and
check out the next branch,
and get rid of all of our own stuff and
pull the new stuff.
>> Speaker 1: And
we're gonna do code coverage.
So I actually the three of you
who were here yesterday and
maybe some people online are going
to hear the same thing again.
I'm gonna quickly explain code coverage,
how code coverage works in JavaScript and
why it's important.
So like I said,
code coverage with library is you should
probably just do 100% code coverage.
There's not really any reason not to.
And so because normally it's pretty easy,
the problems are really well defined and
it'll save you from breaking stuff
when you're making changes or
somebody makes a pull request or
something.
So what code coverage is,
basically consists of four metrics.
Lines, branches, functions, and
now I cannot even remember.
Does anybody know what the last one is?
My brain tonight just decided to give up,
statements.
All that Code Coverage tells
you is that this line ran,
or this if statement
was evaluated to true,
or it evaluated to false and
so the alternate ran.
Or this function was run.
All of that pieces of information.
It doesn't say like this function was run
with this state, it doesn't say like that.
This function was called with a boolean
rather than an integer, whatever.
It just tells you that at some point
during the running of your test,
that this line and this function and
this branch was hit.
So the way that it accomplishes this is
through what's called instrumentation.
What it does is something similar to this.
It creates a global variable called
coverage and that's an object.
And then this coverage variable will add
properties to it, like it will actually
just to make it a little bit easier.
It will add a bunch of properties
to it that are hash or something.
I am not a 100% sure
what the keys even mean.
But then they have a value of how many
times a certain line or something was.
>> Speaker 1: Run.
And then it will stick
these all over the place.
Literally everywhere,
each having their own key with
++ at every line,
every statement, everything.
If you have an if statement,
then you'll have true,
and then another one here,
else, another one here.
Functions are the same.
You'll have something in here.
I'm pretty sure like with ES6 and default
parameters you have (foo = ('hi') and
it'll use some JavaScript
fanciness to detect whether or
not that default was ever used.
In ternary operators it'll be like
const v = b or 'hi' : 'yo'.
And here it'll use that same
kind of JavaScript fanciness to
check that as well, and, again,
each one of these will be unique
where ever you are it's gonna
be something different.
So by the end of it,
what you end up with is,
well, some pretty garbage code,
but it's able to.
Well, I totally blew everything away,
but let me just reset.
>> Speaker 1: By the end of it, you have
this global variable that contains all of
the information that's needed to tell what
lines were run and what lines weren't.
And then your instrumenter will create
a report out of that to show you these
are the lines that you're missing.
It's pretty cool and
pretty magical, that's actually the whole
thing I was trying to convince you of.
It's not magic at all,
it's just JavaScript.
But that's what we're going to do for
our code to make sure that we're
covering our code properly.